GDAP Documentation (beta APIs) (#16193)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/delegatedadminrelationshipoperation.md

---
title: "delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation resource type"
description: "Represents a long-running operation related to a delegated admin relationship."
author: "adtangir"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents a long-running operation related to a delegated admin relationship. An example of a long-running operation can be an update to the [delegatedAdminRelationship](delegatedadminrelationship.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a long-running operation related to a delegated admin relationship. An example of a long-running operation can be an update to the [delegatedAdminAccessAssignment](delegatedadminaccessassignment.md) object.
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List delegatedAdminRelationshipOperations](../api/delegatedadminrelationship-list-operations.md)|[delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation](delegatedadminrelationshipoperation.md) collection|Get a list of the **delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation** objects and their properties.|
|[Get delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation](../api/delegatedadminrelationshipoperation-get.md)|[delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation](delegatedadminrelationshipoperation.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a **delegatedAdminRelationshipOperation** object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the request was created. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the long-running operation was created. Read-only.|
```

|data|String|The data (payload) for the operation. Read-only.|

> |id|String|The unique identifier of the delegated admin long-running operation. Read-only.|

Reviewer 2: Entity

> |lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the request was last modified. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the long-running operation was last modified. Read-only.|
```

|operationType|delegatedAdminRelationshipOperationType|The type of long-running operation. The possible values are: `delegatedAdminAccessAssignmentUpdate`, `unknownFutureValue`. Read-only.|

> |status|delegatedAdminRelationshipOperationStatus|The status of the operation. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `complete`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue`. Read-only. Supports `$orderBy`.|

Reviewer 3: Found it in the API.md. Might need to be fixed in both.

> |status|delegatedAdminRelationshipOperationStatus|The status of the operation. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `complete`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue`. Read-only. Supports `$orderBy`.|

Reviewer 2: Let's file a bug to get this fixed. Keep $orderby

> |status|delegatedAdminRelationshipOperationStatus|The status of the operation. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `complete`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue`. Read-only. Supports `$orderBy`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|status|delegatedAdminRelationshipOperationStatus|The status of the operation. Read-only. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `complete`, `failed`, `unknownFutureValue`. Supports `$orderBy`.|
```
